the new image. 
Right. So set up Kubernetes. I'm going to be using the new image. Um, for from this app right here, we'll be using this. 
Um, and now we're going to be running our load balancing demo, right. So we'll be looking at it from two sides from the 
terminal and within the dashboard and we'll get very important perspective or interesting perspective from both. 
So to run that, we can say demo, what balancing the SH and let's see, we're scaling our replica for, right. And we should 
go here. We already, we only had two in the beginning. Look at this. Now we have four parts. Right. And now we're trying to 
access the parts or our application from different requests. 
So the first request is going to this part right here and to know which part it is. Just look at the like the last five 
letters. So the first three requests went to the same part. 
Right. And then the fourth and the fifth went to the different part. So that's how when it is decided to do that for this 
case. And after that, we're deleting the pod to simulate a failure. And then we're requesting access again. 
So the first request went to this part, just look at the five last letters. And then the second went to a different part and 
then the different part in a different part. Right. So, um, we had no downtime basically. 
So that's a really good advantage of using Kubernetes. And to check on the number of parts that we have, even after deleting 
them, we see that we have four parts, right. 
And let's see that this was actually the case. So if you look at the age, you see that one of them is 16 seconds, where the 
rest are like 59 seconds, 37 seconds. So this 59 seconds were the original ones that we had using the deployment. And then 
this 37 second one was the one that we created this when we made this new replica right here. 
And the 16 second one was the deleted one. So we deleted that and we brought up a new one. Actually, we didn't brought up a 
new one. Kubernetes did that automatically for us. And that's why you see the 16 second bit. 
So, yeah, we still have one deployment and then four replicas right here. So, yeah, we'll be building up on this in class 
and it will be really helpful for the assignments. 
Just make sure to read up on all of these and understand what they're doing. If you have any questions, please ask whether 
in chat or in class and whatever. 
So, yeah, what you want to do after this point is just tear down Kubernetes. And also delete the mini cube cluster. 
The other thing that you want to do is complete darker cleanup, which I also created a script. Don't do this if you have a 
lot of sensitive stuff in Docker, but I don't have I don't have anything so I'm just going to clean Docker right now. 
And I can also stop my mini cube cluster as well. So, basically just mini cube stop. I can do that and I can also just delete 
my mini cube cluster as well. 
So, yeah, just let this stop. And, cube the leads. So, this will delete your questions from. 
So, of who from this useful and now see you in class.