needs to communicate with two of them. I'm on Linux. So I don't really need to open that right now. 
It's already open by default in the terminal. But if you're on a Mac or Windows, just make sure to have Docker desktop open. 
And the first thing that it does is just basically it creates a Docker image using the application that we have using the 
app.py. Right? It just creates the Docker image from that. And then it will apply these two things right here. Apply the 
deployment. YAMLFland, the service. YAMLF. Now what are these? So if you went through the Kubernetes documentation and 
tutorial on their website, you would see that they used a lot of imperative programming. And that means they just told 
Kubernetes how to do things instead of what to do. 
Right? So, well, if these approaches can be useful, but we want to go through the what to do type. So the deployment just 
basically tells your system that desired state and then Kubernetes takes care of all the rest, right? 
So let's look at our deployment file. So this is just basically kind of very much resembles a Docker compose file. Right? 
We're telling Kubernetes that this is a deployment and we're just calling it the last deployment. 
And for now, we're just going to have to wrap it up. So the service also important, but I don't want you to worry about that 
just for now. Well, we can get to that a bit later. Right? So the service file, the service. YAML file is also very important 
because it tells Kubernetes how to communicate with themselves or the parts between Kubernetes within Kubernetes needs to 
communicate within themselves as well as outside of the cluster as well. 
Right? So that's how we're going to be accessing our app using the service. So the kind is a service and we're naming it the 
flask service. The rest of the stuff is also important, but I don't want you to worry about that just now. 
So yeah, in setup Kubernetes, this is what we're doing. We're getting Docker to work building the image and then having 
this tool run. Right? So let's do that. 
And how you can do that is just so if you're on a Mac in this shell files can run and if you're on a Windows, I will give 
you the files run just a bit. 
So you can just do dots slash and then just set up Kubernetes to SH. And this will just be as quickly build the image and 
deploy it on our Kubernetes cluster. 
And a very important tool to visualize all this is the dashboard. So let's say mini cube dashboard and we can visualize 
all of this. 
So as you can see, we have one deployment and we have two parts and we have one replica set because we only have one image 
for now. And this is our flask deployment and this is our image like from our app and we have two parts, which we said earlier. 
Okay, that's great. Right? So now we want to see what our application looks like and what did we say earlier? We can look 