Okay, hello guys. So this recording, I just want to showcase some of the features of Kubernetes, which will be really helpful 
in the pre-class work, in class activity, as well as real helpful for the assignment. 
So we'll go through some of the features and discuss them in class. So what you first want to do is just go to this link right 
here, which will be posted in the pre-class document, and just clone it in your local system, and it has a lot of files that 
you'll be able to read and interact with. 
So what do we want to do here? So as you can see, we have a lot of these different files that we can work with, and we'll be 
showing some of the features right now. 
We'll be building up on some of the other features in class, and then the rest will be left for the assignment, which will be 
discussing with the prof. So just make sure, first, you have a mini-cube and Cubsitial installed. 
So mini-cube helps you to create the Kubernetes cluster, and then Cubsitial will help you to interact with that cluster via 
the command line. Right? 
And one other thing that I wanted to mention before we get started is almost all of this code here is written, so that you 
don't have to write any code, you just have to run all of these properly. 
So for example, here in the setup, Kubernetes.sh file, that's why I might have shell files. So you can just run the shell 
files and not really worry about typing each code or each command. 
But you'll really have to understand what's happening here in every place. Okay, so what we want to do in this tutorial is 
just first get our application deployed to Kubernetes, and then we'll also be looking at how to balance the load that we'll 
be getting from requests to our application. 
So like don't care about, don't worry about all of these stuff right here. We'll look at them later for now, just focus on 
this. And our application is just a simple task application that just sells, hello, the distributive system, story is the 
best. Right? That's it. 
So the first thing that we want to do is set up our Kubernetes cluster and to do that, we will just do a mini cube start. 
Right? So just make sure you have mini cube and cubes if you install and just start. Right? So once you start your mini cube, 
this will basically create the cluster in your local environment. 
And what do we want to do? Let's see here, set up Kubernetes just basically takes everything and set stuff for the first time. 
And this is really important for a command right here. So what this basically does is it connects Docker and Kubernetes because 
Kubernetes, the worker not need to docker to work. 
And if you're on either a Windows or a Mac, just make sure to have Docker desktop open before you run any of these because it 